Items to do
1.  Fishing Bot and Anti-AFK bot
2.  Interrupt only bot - pick interrupt key and spell id's you would like to interrupt, specify interrupt delay (min/max ms)
3.  Offer [Premium] or [Donator] versions 
 -  one option for this is to help users build up their classes in "Setup Spell Book" and giving them
    the option to pick a class and spec and then auto-populating spells based on spells from Noxxic rotations
 -  another option is to allow users which have these versions to setup multiple classes, and have non [D] or [P] accounts 
    have to do alot of the delting of addons and setup manually
 -  Offer support via TeamViewer as an option aswell
4.  Add some sort of registration system with tracking on emails and possibly users country just to have an idea of where most of the 
    customers are
5.  Make LUA file automatically from "Setup Spell Book"
6.  Show users how to use / not use Overlay
7.  Add in feature to load Obfuscated DLL's (but only ones compiled by me, one idea here is to include some sort of string / serial number / 
    password in the source code)
8.  When users Encrypt a combat routine (*.enc) then ask them for their email address - and write that address to the file, so that when they ask
    for it to be de-crypted you know for certain that they actually made it
    Email the de-crypted source to the email address in the file, dont give it directly to the user incase they pretending to know the address
9.  Investigate using hex for numbers, 1 - 100 will only take up 2 pixel blocks, vs the current 7 (10 000 will take up 4 pixels)
    - I will need to assign 16 colors, one to each of 0-9 and A-F
    Reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexadecimal
10. Allow users to pick expansion level and correct LUA syntax to match it, instead of asking the user to type in "Interface Version"
11. Optimise the LUA addon and remove un-nessecary repitition of re-checking something another function just checked
12. Make a hotkey to display / hide the overlay
13. Update LUA addon to track Auras (like its tracking spells)
14. Update CanCast() to include checks like isPlayerCasting, etc..
15. Investigate color-blind mode and different resolutions and non-windowed modes, see if it affects the bot in any way
16. Allow users to change opacity of Overlay and customise what is put on it - perhaps let them design a windows form and read the layout from it
    and apply that layout to the overlay, also specify background image it uses (if any) or background color 
17. Add in ticketing / support system to allow user to email support queries to winifix@gmail.com directly - include things like
  - What class are you playing?
  - What spec are you playing?
  - Confirm you are playing in full screen-windowed 1920x1080 resolution (I have not tested others, but they should work.)
  - Paste your Lua addon and rotation.cs files here
  - What version of WoW you playing?
  - What version of Windows is installed?
  - What are your keybindings? (For the spells you testing with)
18. Check LOS 
19. Allow user to specify where the pixels the addon reads from are positioned on the screen, and investigate if 1x1 pixels are possible to get 
    accurate colors from.
20. Allow user to specify frequency in ms for Pulse(), they must supply an upper and lower limit, because it will remain random
    For example 50-100 ms, it will then Pulse() somewhere random between those numbers to be more human
21. Add support for Mouse Clicks for spells like Defile - two options, will click at current mouse position or centre screen on your toon